it's good take this welcome back now a
few years back I saw a documentary cool
man on man on a wire that is French wire
Walker who did the walk think early
two-thousands - first night early 2000
have been between World Trade Centers
it's good documentary rule intriguing
yeah we kind of develops his laugh away
does now the movies been made about this
guy starring Joseph gordon-levitt
let's see how the adaptation of this
man's life translates to the big screen
people ask me why do you risk death for
me this is nice welcome to New York
anything to declare
I'm going to hang a high wire between
the two towers of the World Trade Center
and walk bunnies huh girl lark no matter
where I was going or what I was doing I
was always searching looking for the
perfect place to hang my wife
oh I need you to help me pull this off I
got just the guys now it starts I'll
figure out how to get the wire across
holy kiddin me
this is extremely illegal not to mention
dangerous
this flipped out do you wanna it's time
to step on the wire I don't know if I'll
be able to take my first step your heart
I'll tell you what to do
a man is obviously crazy we're just here
to watch him die
this isn't a game Phillipe one mistake
out there that you're going to die
now it's interesting because I haven't
seen the documentary I know how ordered
this plays out but regardless I was
still co-op in that that looks like it's
gonna because there was a pretty good
story of how this whole how we build up
to that she doing this ridiculous thing
you know cuz he did not promise to do
this wasn't my the tracing I was the
people that ran it was like yeah yeah go
climb up there and we'll support no you
get to break in there and sneak up find
a way to attach these wires and just do
all these crazy shit to make sure he
wasn't gonna get arrested yeah that
looks good and again October so that's
gonna drop right in that time when the
studios are building up their award
hopefuls so they must really have
faithfulness and they must really a
faith in her
Livius any of you guys see manner a
while back in the day Messi back in a
day wasn't even that long ago like 2008
or something well let me know you're
looking forward to this right coolest
down below um video please subscribe
give me a thumbs up I made a reason this
be my first take to the walk